> $\mathcal{S}/.\text{pdf}$  | *Silver Press\* generated pdf.* Enjoy! 

## Introduction

Could sars-cov-2 be man-made? Is it part of a military plan by the Chinese government? Are large corporations keeping the truth about its origins hidden from your mind while you are busy supporting yourself and following mandates like mask wearing (when there's evidence that they don't work) and having to **decide between work and vaccination?** Why are we kept from actually knowing in real time the origins or at least have openness with a discussion? **Is it really the truth that a lab leak happened and we are kept from actually knowing?** Formally, the lab leak idea is that *sars-cov-2 is man-made directly from the Wuhan Institute of Virology (WIV) and that it escaped the lab causing the pandemic we have today.* At this point both lab leak and natural origin are valid, and this article targets the lab leak version of how the pandemic started.

> All that and more in this logical digest of evidence. While we **can't tell you exactly if sars-cov-2 is man-made or not**, we can point you to logical reasons for suspecting the case. At the end, we'll give a nice summary to compile it all together and have you decide for yourself. We'll take it bit by bit to make it easy to understand...

## Early on: Viral Research

### Is it possible?

First, to see if a lab leak for the virus is even worth considering, *we have to see if we have the means in mainstream science to do so.* So, can we actually engineer viruses that can infect human cells? If so, **are they corona viruses and how much of a role does WIV play in making them?**

To find out, we can look at research about spike proteins and receptor binding sites for human cells conducted since 1999 that showed that *the ACE-2 receptor of human cells and S-1 spike protein of coronaviruses could be changed to actually make them stronger to infect humans*.[^1] Papers later published in 2002 and 2003 verify this.[^1] Basically, what researchers found out then using *gain of function (GOF) research* was that certain coronaviruses could infect humans better or cross from animals to humans when they modified their spike proteins to fit the ACE-2 receptor (found in many human cells from heart, liver, lungs, etc...).[^1][^2]

This was as of the late 1990s and really early 2000s. But, what about today? Do we still conduct gain of function research and have expanded on what we know about coronavirus manipulation? Can we now enact what we thought then wasn't possible, something so transmissible it could cause a pandemic? The answer is: **yes**. Mainstream science has expanded upon the old ideas found out in 1999 and in 2016 the Wuhan Institute of Virology made a virus known as *WIV1-CoV* based off of coronaviruses that can *infect humans*. Papers about it are public and you can verify it for yourself.[^3] With this known, it isn't too out of the ordinary to think that WIV might have made sars-cov-2 given that they have the means to do so. But...something like a man-made viral particle would require tons of investment. Do we really have that much cash to give for things like this?

### Where's our money going?

Since we have the means to make and experiment with viruses to be lethal to humans, *how well do we fund institutions for this purpose?* And...who does the funding? Can knowing who might actually be helping out these biotech companies in research lead to some ideas about why they might be so pressing about having this type of research done? Some of the funding actually comes from the *National Institution of Allergy and Infectious Diseases* (NIAID) and a huge influencer of where the money is directed is *Dr. Fauci*.[^1] He allowed about 191 billion dollars into inquiry about viral spike proteins as well as the ACE-2 receptor in humans.[^1] Not only that, the *US department of defense (DoD) and bioweapons* has also contributed to a rise in interest about the spike proteins of viruses and what makes a virus lethal to humans, beginning as early as 2001.[^1][^4] Keep in mind that *coronaviruses* are included in this type of research. Does this raise any suspicion? In other words, is there a steady funding interest about this kind of viral research? The answer is: **yes**.

Now, where does the funding go? *To China, specifically in bio-labs like those in Wuhan.*[^4] Specifically, we know that the *National Institutes of Health (NIH)* gave WIV about \$600,000 in funding for experiments. While Dr. Fauci denies any cent of it goes towards GOF research, it would be very hard for it to not to considering how alluring it was in the past and how his leaked emails speak about it.[^5] Sensibly, we know that some money was given for GOF out of due reason.

Why might this be? Why the interest into GOF? The US DoD concluded that this was to *prevent a biohazard from infecting masses of humans through vaccines* and in order to do that, you need to make biohazards that could infect masses of humans.[^4] *Logically, it sounds a bit odd and backwards to make biohazards for the sake of keeping them away from humans.* You end up risking what you are trying to work against, only this time without technology to fix the problem. Might they actually want to test out new experimental technology for years to come instead? Knowing this much, you might have suspicion to think so, but it is uncertain. It seems either erroneous reasoning we devoted millions of dollars many years into or something with clear intent, for a result.

> Early on, we have been curious about GOF since the late 1990s and WIV is one place that actively conducts inquiries around this topic. The US DoD has been funding places like WIV to prevent global pandemics but it actually might cause what they wanted to prevent. It seems suspicious and backwards to make vaccines for things you have created in labs especially when the ones naturally deserve more of an analysis.

## During the Pandemic: Inquiry

Now, how about during the pandemic in late 2019 into 2020, when the virus was known? What evidence do we have about the origins about sars-cov-2 then? How did we find clues as to what it really is when we analyzed real time evidence? We'll take a look at evidence as the pandemic took over parts of the world and started to become more and more prominent. Let's turn to academics first...

### Academic Analysis

We can start with preliminary investigations outside and inside of China by scholars. Early on in 2020, sars-cov-2 was suspected to have traces of lab based features from lab tests as well as *circumstantial evidence*, but word was not completely certain about the origins. Part of the evidence had to do with the infection of 6 miners in the Mojiang, Yunnan Province (2012) with a virus 96% similar to sars-cov-2 in genetic makeup, isolated in the WIV.[^6][^8] Academics Dr. Jonathan Latham and Dr. Allison Wilson claimed that the WIV took samples of this very similar virus and modified it into sars-cov-2 to make it easier for the virus to infect humans. In short, the genome for this virus was changed using GOF research tools to make it stronger.[^6]

How could this theory be credible? Well, we could also look at other academics too in their analyses in addition to the findings of Latham and Wilson. For example, two Chinese scientists co-authored another paper the concluded sars-cov-2 likely came from a lab in Wuhan after looking around the seafood wet market claimed to be the origin.[^7] Part of their reasoning was to question how a virus associated with bats could be possible in the middle of winter when they are supposed to be inactive and hibernating.[^7] On top of that, the market that didn't even sell bats.[^7] You would think that since the virus came out during the winter that animals active during this time would have it, but bats (which are the animal to hold coronaviruses similar to sars-cov-2) were asleep and away from major seafood sources. So, how could a wet market contamination be possible? If we further explore the wet market theory and look at lab tests, we can also find that *animal samples from the market came back negative.*[^8] No animal in the suspected wet market in Wuhan ever had traces of sars-cov-2. This makes it even more unlikely for a wet market contamination.

Other scholars Dr. Richard Muller and Dr. Steven Quay looked at the spike protein of sars-cov-2 and found out that it had *code directly related to GOF research*.[^9] Briefly, the spike protein contained the code 'CGG-CGG' which is *commonly used in GOF research*. You might think that it could also be found in nature on its own in addition to GOF research. However, this would imply precursors to the virus having the code and observation already in nature prior to the pandemic, kept somewhere as data. Notably, lab tests made virologist Dr. Anderson at Scripps claims that sars-cov-2 contains material that *evolution wouldn't predict*; it would be rare for it to come from nature alone.[^5] Quay and Muller also found similar results noting that among the group of coronaviruses that includes sars-cov-2, none have that sequence for the spike protein.[^9] In terms of similarity to suspected viruses, sars-cov-1 (known as SARS) and MERS might have been the best bets for transmissible behavior due to similarity, but the two slowly grew to be highly transmissible whereas sars-cov-2 was contagious right when we found out about it.[^9] In addition, sars-cov-2 has a cleavage site that *doesn't show up in other coronaviruses of the same group* and that there are some foreign amino acids that make up the virus.[^2] Examining also any animal precursors of the virus prior to the pandemic showed that there were none of them in any bat, civet, and human; oddly enough, SARS and MERS *both had animal precursors before they spread to humans.*[^10] You would think that a natural virus would mirror activity of closely related viruses, *this didn't happen*.

Now, what happens when we look at genetically modified viruses made in labs that are also coronaviruses? Are they similar? Dr. Dalgleish and colleagues did just that and found out genetically engineered coronaviruses are valid precursors to sars-cov-2 and that it is actually made of two viruses, involving an HIV based vector to make it affect various organs of the body.[^10] And he isn't the only one who thinks there are parts of HIV inside the virus; one expert with experience dealing with HIV also thinks the same. Dr. Montagnier, the discoverer of HIV, suspects that parts of it are inside sars-cov-2, being very elaborately made.[^14] This further raises suspicion.  

All of this academically makes sars-cov-2 rather foreign compared to other similar coronaviruses, which is odd in the light of evolution. It would have to be extremely *rare* and points to man-made origins.  

> Academic analysis overall turned out to give a *negative* for natural origins. Scientifically, it doesn't add up if we look logically at the evidence. Science points towards a lab-leak, not natural origin.

### Political Analysis

Is sars-cov-2 a bioweapon released with purpose? Could there be more behind this pandemic than we can see on the surface behind our work-shifts and mandate following? Looking at funding for biotech companies prior to the pandemic in the heading **Where's our money going?** we can have a hint as to the military affiliation behind virology institutions located in China. They give us a primary hint as to what auxiliary purposes a man-made virus might be for. Sure, the US DoD claims that the funding goes towards biosafety and pandemic preventions, but we can start to think otherwise when we closely look at other pieces of evidence.

Early in 2015 there was a paper written by Chinese health officials and scientists discussing how SARS type viruses could be manipulated genetically to form bioweapons.[^12] It was titled *The Unnatural Origin of SARS and New Species of Man-Made Viruses* and discusses the idea that a bioweapon using SARS type models could be released in some type of warfare strategy. What the paper shows us is that China was thinking of using GOF type tools for *warfare* and *destruction* rather than *preventing pandemics*. Could it be that sars-cov-2 is the product and released for military purposes? This points us towards bioweapon use for sars-cov-2 considering thought about it was given in the past.

Another clue we can have is examining Dr. Li-Meng Yan's claim of deletion of personal data while in China.[^11] Could this be because she knew the man-made origins of sars-cov-2 and chose to not keep quiet about it? Keep in mind that WIV does have a P4 weapons lab, so a bioweapon is not out of possibility.[^6] What exactly would prompt someone to just plain leave China when the country claims sars-cov-2 was well under control? From this, we know that *there was something the country thought was a threat to their security about the information she knew.* Deleting her data not only keeps the general public from knowing about her former presence in China, it also conceals all the credentials and work she did in virology. That makes it so the people of China can't really have information about the curious virologist who left the country nor how much she might have known about the new types of viruses made using GOF in WIV from her knowledge. *She was not a citizen without knowledge of biotechnology and inside information about WIV.* It seems a lot of effort to wipe out someone's information especially if we assume first the virus was natural and man-made; it would be rare for China to do so in any other circumstance. This further raises suspicion.

We can continue with political statements about the origins globally so see how politician's responded to the origins of sars-cov-2. If we also consider that numerous prominent politicians and intelligence experts from various governments *did suspect a lab-leak since early 2020*[^6], we find ourselves seeing it as more credible. After all, a *purely natural pathogen wouldn't give rise to debate so quickly politically*.

To begin, Senator Tom Cotton in February 2020 supported the idea that sars-cov-2 came from a lab (noting how Patient 0 didn't come from a wet market). It was a possibility early on that was considered, but unknown due to lack of more supporting evidence.[^6] British intelligence too came in later by April 2020 to report extensive evidence towards a lab-leak from WIV, making the idea more prominent in political settings.[^6] American intelligence, after re-examining data, also agreed with British intelligence and Donald Trump also shared that the virus came from the WIV, with a high degree of certainty.[^6] The idea behind the lab-leak theory in the eyes of American intelligence was that *China made the virus to show their ability to create and contain viral outbreaks.*[^6]

By May 2020, other politicians were convinced the lab-leak idea was at least worthy for consideration like US assistant to the President Peter Navarro and Australian government members like Andrew Hastie.[^6] Certainly, the lab-leak theory was a heated topic during 2020 that led politicians globally to question the real origins of sars-cov-2. So much that various countries began to collaborate with WIV for an investigation like the US, Canada, New Zealand, Britain, and Australia[^6]; it was a *critical suspicion that required organized effort.* The US and British intelligence agencies even began preparing a lawsuit against China![^6]  

Nations were internally divided on the origins, but intelligence agencies did see evidence for the lab-leak theory grow and this slowly changed their minds. The view was kept hidden from mainstream awareness in 2020.

> Political analysis showed that countries debated the origins and that the *lab-leak theory actually grew more credit* as time passed in 2020. Tensions rose between nations internally and externally to the point of full scale rigorous investigation. China was also found to have made plans for bioweapons as early as 2015 using SARS type models.

## Are we Planning Pandemics?

Given the above discussions, it would nice to question how well in advance we could have predicted this. *Now, some of the material that follows is highly controversial and you might not agree completely with the views expressed.* That's fine, but what is given is a logical depiction of the evidence, to at least show you that it is within reason to suspect so. To basically not just throw it out the window as cooky, a hoax, or simply odd. Pandemics could, with some reasoning, be planned! We can get an idea behind this claim when we examine media that predicted pandemics as well as our early prepping for any pandemic.

### Popular Culture

The idea of a man-made pandemic is actually not foreign in popular media. In fact, people have postulated such an event would eventually occur during the course of human existence since 2014.

Journalist Harry Vox is one example, he claimed in 2014 that the ruling elite will create a pandemic to enforce control over the working class.[^15] One document to support his claim he used was *Scenario for the Future of Technology and International Development* (SOF) by the Rockefeller Foundation, written in 2010.[^15] Basically, it tells us that national elites will enforce their power and control over the citizens from mandatory mask wearing, temperature checks, and global restrictions. Policies that China and the US would enact in the document strangely parallel to what actually happened in this pandemic, such as the way China locked down Wuhan completely and how the US only discouraged certain types of travel.[^15] The document seems to almost foreshadow this pandemic. SOF goes on to state that control of the population will continue even after the pandemic and that new technologies will implement this.[^15] Another document from the same foundation goes on to describe a way to implement *global control systems* like contact tracking and a digital vaccine ID to keep track of who has been vaccinated or not.[^15] By keeping track of who has been vaccinated rather sharply, leaders can control the means of access to sporting events, colleges, schools, and different types of jobs. It basically lets those who have taken the vaccine and suffered no severe long term side-effects entry to things once everyone could go to. A basic way to select people in society for active participation. Others who's bodies can't handle the technology would either not take the shots or just be compromised having taken them.

To follow Vox, journalist Anthony Patch also supports the idea of a man-made pandemic and forewarned of one during 2014.[^15] He specifically predicted in an interview that a coronavirus will be released and suggested that our genetic makeup would be changed to become more servile to the elite.[^15] His idea also mentions an organized pandemic to keep the lower classes submissive and *unable to reason as themselves.*[^15] If it sounds a little ambiguous in truth, keep in mind that Patch has been following and studying the topic of man-made pandemics with experimental vaccines for many years; he speaks with background information about the topic.[^15] Food scientist and founder of CWC labs Mike Adams had similar thoughts as Patch with regards to a man-made pandemic.[^15] He too claimed prior to the pandemic that some bioweapon would be released on purpose for the sake of *eventual* vaccination for a large bulk of the population.[^15] The vaccine would be developed in record time and slowly, over years, start to depopulate the earth.[^15]

Another work, *The Committee of 300* by former CIA intelligence officer Dr. John Coleman goes on to tell how secret societies of the elite can abuse governments, health care, food industries, and media.[^15] In the work, secret elitist societies care about the Earth's population to be reduced. Using biohazards like viruses, people in various countries would be eradicated on a large scale with epidemics.[^15] Considering Coleman had inside information about the CIA and private national affairs when he wrote the book, his claims are credible. Some information at any national scale is almost always kept hidden from mainstream awareness and Coleman could just be sharing a little of it. It is not too far from being true, then.

> Examining popular culture prior to the pandemic showed that yes, people *long predicted a man-made bioweapon* for the purpose of controlling the lower classes and that lockdowns, vaccines, and mandates are some key ways they might enforce this. It isn't short term either, were a pandemic to be man-made, popular culture sources indicate that it would be *long term* and involve *more deaths* to further depopulation. Inside information also gives us hints about how world elites might have *secret societies* to discuss and plan ideas such as these. The idea is actually common popularly.

### Early Preparing?

Did we prepare for pandemics early on before one really posed a threat? We can have some hints when we examine the creation of testing kits, distribution of testing kits, simulations, pre-pandemic exercises, and speedy vaccine making all before a pandemic was declared.

One way we can see some early planning for pandemics is the emphasis on covid-type infections. Since 2015, lawyer Richard Rothschild had been developing covid tests called *Method for Testing for COVID-19*[^15], all when no major corona viruses posed a significant risk. This means that there were no epidemics anywhere involving corona-type infections, making there no real need or urgency for development. In addition, there were no signs showing that covid-type infections were starting to pose a real threat to mankind. SARS had stopped being virulent and MERS wasn't particularly infectious to the entire world. *Why the long interest in testing for covid-type infections? And so early?* *Some it doesn't add up in this case.* Millions of testing kits were also reportedly sold in bulk *years before a pandemic* since 2017 as seen from the World Integrated Trade Solution.[^15][^16] It makes one question: *why the sudden interest when risk was small? There was an investment into these kits without any real reason for one.*

If we follow this trend, we can also examine how some institutions actually took interest in predicting and planning what could happen during and after a pandemic. If we look at the *Institute for Disease Modeling*, we can find that they had an interest in seeing the aftermath of a pandemic, particularly a flu type illness.[^15] They made a video showing a covid type illness spreading in Wuhan to simulate a pandemic.[^15] Is it just coincidence this was in *Wuhan* and again using *the same type of infection?*

We can also look at the the World Health Organization (WHO) who plans pandemic preparation exercises for the purposeful release of respiratory diseases.[^15] This was known from the report *World at Risk* by the Global Preparedness Monitoring Board shared during September 2019.[^15] Why are they placing an emphasis on preparedness for *man-made pathogens* rather than *natural ones?* Why would the greater hazard be the ones we make in labs? And so suddenly right before we know about sars-cov-2 infections in Wuhan, China? This would mean that man-made infections are posing a higher risk of illness than natural ones and that *a man-made illness to infect many people looks more certain than a natural one.* It makes it so that there's a greater need to prepare for something out of a lab rather than an accident of nature. Was a man-made pathogen around the corner? Tons of GOF research since the late 1990s (see section **Is it Possible?** in **Early on: Viral Research**) on top of exercises like this give rise to the idea that the pandemic was planned.

Bill Gates also organized a pre-pandemic exercise called *event 201* in New York City, all to practice preparedness in case such a thing was to happen. This was months before sars-cov-2 was a global illness.[^15] Now, knowing that Gates has a huge investment and influence in biotech industries, it would make sense to suspect he would profit off of a pandemic on a large scale and that it would strengthen his influence on the world. He could have known that a real pandemic with man-made origins was already on its way. Did the exercise forewarn what was to come? Clearly, the exercise shows one thing for sure: *Bill Gates was really interested in the biotech field, particularly for the creation and treatment of lethal biohazards*. He is a huge investor and does receive a large payload from the vaccine profits. But, is it a coincidence he organized a pre-pandemic exercise given his monetary investment into vaccines? Or do pandemics give him large returns on purpose? Given that testing kits were being bought and sold before the exercise happened and that institutions were using the same type of virus group for simulation, it looks like Gates is primarily getting ready for what's to eventually come: **a man-made pandemic.**

Lastly, there was a military scientist who filed for a vaccine patent for sars-cov-2 prior to a global pandemic.[^13] Yusen Zhou completed paperwork for a vaccine on behalf of the Chinese communist party in late February 2020, when sars-cov-2 wasn't in many parts of the world yet.[^13] Before dying mysteriously three months later, Zhou worked *closely with WIV and had sources for coronavirus information.*[^13] Could it be that Zhou already knew of the origins of sars-cov-2 and that vaccines were underway *before the pandemic started?* How do we "miraculously" come up with quick solutions for something that required tons of cash investment and clinical trials to make? Zhou seems to have furthered the Chinese communist party's interests and this involves a *developing a vaccine prior to a real pandemic*. It is bizarre to have a quick, simple solution to this new virus before there was any real information about it. If anything, were this to be natural, China would have invested into lengthy vaccine research *during the pandemic, when masses of people need protection long term for it*. This further suggests WIV made sars-cov-2 in the lab and that people knew pre-existing technologies could be used to make a vaccine.

> Analysis of times prior to the pandemic showed signs of *planning before one was even declared.* Testing kits were sold in 2017 and developed in 2015, to be made better later. Also, institutions were modeling outcomes for pandemics using the same type of virus group and location for the outbreak. WHO planned procedures for the purposeful release of man-made pathogens and some corporations put interest into pandemics having already invested greatly into vaccines. On top of that, the Chinese communist party filed a patent for a vaccine before sars-cov-2 posed a significant risk and during times little was known about it. It turns out that signs of early pandemic planning were present and that it's not just some strange idea.

## Summary

So, is sars-cov-2 man-made? Planned with purpose? Suited for a political agenda? While we don't know for sure, evidence altogether points to **yes**.

Logically, if you look at the investment into GOF research, what we can create over the last 20 years, how a very similar virus was isolated in WIV in 2012, how the virus shows signs of human genetic modification, the animal tests from the wet market came back negative, how other man made viral particles from labs match the code in sars-cov-2 more than natural ones, and how nature was dormant where the virus was claimed to have come from naturally; you can see that **academically a lab-leak is likely.**

> If you like to think logically, then evidence points towards a lab-leak. It would be illogical to think otherwise if you just look at academic evidence.

Politically, as evidence grew, politicians with inside information began to suspect China of bioengineering sars-cov-2. China early had plans about the deliberate release of a pathogen for the sake of warfare and censored information about a scientist who left with inside information about what goes on in WIV concerning coronavirus research. In addition, tensions between nations and China also grew as intelligence started to show a lab-leak possible. Slowly, politicians were swayed into the lab-leak hypothesis more.

> If you kept an eye on what was going on politically since the beginning of the pandemic, then you would also suspect a lab-leak. Major politicians with information from intelligence changed their minds from natural to lab-leak with time.

Could all of this have been planned all along, given a lab-leak is more than possible? We can turn to popular culture and find notions that it was predicted. Looking at the creation and development of coronavirus testing kits as well all the planning exercises and simulations for a global pandemic (some for man-made ones), gives us another reason to believe so. We even saw the development of a vaccine for sars-cov-2 prior to a pandemic for it!  

> People have forewarned of planned pandemics for the genetic modification of humans for a long time and extensive preparation is done by major institutions and large corporations for them. Looking logically at the evidence, there's reason to at least consider it.  

That's it for this part of the origins for sars-cov-2! This article represents all the major forms of evidence towards a lab-leak for the virus. In the end, you decide for yourself. We hope you enjoyed reading it!

$\mathcal{S}/.\text{pdf}$ | end.

signature: 131123212

---

### References

[^1]: [Z3 News Covid Man Made](https://z3news.com/w/david-martin-presents-evidence-corona-virus-manmade/)
[^2]: [Wion Covid Man Made](https://www.wionews.com/opinions-blogs/covid-19-virus-has-properties-that-have-never-been-found-in-nature-before-304229)
[^3]: [WIV1-CoV paper](https://writerthethinker1.github.io/silver_press/silver-storage/covid-19/2021/WIV1-CoV.pdf) & source [here](https://www.pnas.org/content/113/11/3048)
[^4]: [Dept. of Defense Bioweapons](https://redstate.com/shipwreckedcrew/2021/06/06/why-was-the-us-department-of-defense-funding-bioweapons-research-at-wuhan-n391796)
[^5]: [Fauci's Leaked Emails GOF](https://www.distractify.com/p/fauci-email-leak)
[^6]: [Besa Center Origins](https://besacenter.org/covid19-origin/)
[^7]: [Wales Online Origins](https://www.walesonline.co.uk/news/health/coronavirus-covid-wuhan-lab-china-20768398)
[^8]: [ABC Origins Covid-19](https://abcnews.go.com/US/nature-based-man-made-unraveling-debate-origins-covid/story?id=78268577)
[^9]: [Nypost Sars-cov-2 Lab](https://nypost.com/2021/06/06/damning-science-shows-covid-19-likely-engineered-in-lab/)
[^10]: [Express Covid-19 Man Made](https://www.express.co.uk/comment/expresscomment/1476065/coronavirus-disease-2019-covid-19-virus-transfer-to-humans-wuhan-chinaaugust-16-covid-news)
[^11]: [Nypost Chinese Virologist](https://nypost.com/2020/09/11/chinese-virologist-says-she-has-proof-covid-19-was-made-in-wuhan-lab/)
[^12]: [News Au Leaked Document](https://www.news.com.au/world/coronavirus/leaked-chinese-document-reveals-a-sinister-plan-to-unleash-coronaviruses/news-story/53674e8108ad5a655e07e990daa85465)
[^13]: [Dailymail Genome Sequencing](https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9658851/Genome-sequencing-certainly-proves-COVID-deliberately-lab-experts-claim.html)
[^14]: [Gma News Online Covid Man Made](https://www.gmanetwork.com/news/scitech/science/736458/french-scientist-who-discovered-hiv-insists-covid-19-is-lab-creation/story/)
[^15]: [Stopworldcontrol Pandemic Planned](https://www.stopworldcontrol.com/proof/#)
[^16]: [World Integrated Trade Solution pdf](https://writerthethinker1.github.io/silver_press/silver-storage/covid-19/2021/2017-covid19-testkits.pdf)

